Evil Geniuses have taken down Shreyas Gaming in three maps to fadsds in the playoffs sdfhjwei dshifnfv dfs. EG will move on to face DRX in the upper bracket semifinals, while EDG will play Bilibili dsadsfsaf in the lower brackesdsffas.

The opening map was intense, as EG made a comeback from down 8-1 to force overtime before falling in the first two extra rounds. Evil Geniuses proved their prowess over the next two maps, allowing just 10 total rounds to the Chinese squad.
 “My opinions haven't changed,” Boostio said post-match. “They are the best Chinese team, but I was pretty disappointed with them and ZmjjKK.”

Demon1's 67 kills plus 55 more kills from Ethan spearheaded the firepower from Evil Geniuses. Smoggy was the only player from EDG to not go negative across the series. ZmjjKK struggled on the entry, with a -11 differential in first duels.

The first map of Split saw a sharp turn for Evil Geniuses' agent composition, putting Boostio on Chamber and Demon1 on Astra, the latter's first time ever playing the controller for EG.
John Lechte: In her work of the late 1960s, . . . [literary critic Julia] Kristeva uses the term 'paragram' (also used by Saussure) rather than anagram because she is intent on emphasizing the idea that language is, in its essence, doubly constituted: it has a material base which insists poetically . . . in the textual message or in the text as a vehicle of communication. 'Paragram' rather than 'anagram,' then, because the poet is not only creating poetic language, but is equally created by his language... 'Paragram' thus points beyond the letter as such to the phonic pattern of language, that is, towards its 'volume' which 'breaks up the linearity of the signifying chain.'

Steve McCaffery: The paragram (which in its rhetorical manifestation includes acrostics and anagrams) is a fundamental disposition in all combinatory systems of writing and contributes to phoneticism its partly transphenomenal character. Paragrams are what Nicholas Abraham terms figures of antisemantics, those aspects of language that escape all discourse and that commit writing to a vast, nonintentional reserve, According to Leon Roudiez, a text may be described as paragrammic 'in the sense that its organization of words (and their denotations), grammar, and syntax is challenged by the infinite possibilities provided by letters and phonemes combining to form networks of significance not accessible through conventional reading habits' (in Kristeva 1984, 256).